Scaler AI APM Intern – Assignment Brief
Goal: Design and prototype a lead acquisition + conversion funnel for an edtech offering
(like a free masterclass, premium 12 month course, career consultation call with an expert) using
AI and automation tools.

Prompt
You're tasked with building an AI-led, self-serve funnel that attracts the right leads, warms them
up, and drives them to take an action (sign up/book a call/etc.) and eventually helps them
convert into buying the premium product seamlessly. Conversion is key.
You are basically required to build a tool/feature that helps convert a lead. You can imagine
anything and everything to do so. No limitation on the scope of intervention.

What You Need to Do
1. Identify a Growth Opportunity
Pick one of these use cases (or pitch your own):
● Drive more signups for a free live class
Example of a Free Class:
(https://www.scaler.com/event/roadmap-to-data-engineering-6a/)
● Increase the joining % of the folks who registered for the free live class
● Increase career consultation call bookings
● Engage cold leads from the large backlog of leads who have not converted in the past
● Convert blog readers/free video viewers into leads

2. Design the Funnel
● Sketch out the lead journey (cold → warm → convert)
● Identify points where AI can be plugged in to personalize, automate, or optimize

● You can build pretty much anything, end goal being: It should convert the lead.

3. Build or Prototype Key Touchpoints and showcase the tools you have used
● Use AI tools to build a functioning prototype
● Highlight what you used (if free) or explain how you would use them (if paid)
● Feel free to use any product basis comfort

5. Present Your Work
Create a Notion page or PDF deck that includes:
● Clear explanation of the funnel and problem you’re solving
● Screenshots or screen recordings of what you built
● A short write-up on “If I had 2 more weeks, here’s what I’d do next”

What We’re Evaluating
● Growth thinking and funnel design logic
● AI Tool awareness, sampling of the right tool and smart usage
● Creativity and speed of execution
● Ability of the opportunity identified to create a large impact

Submission Format: Notion, deck, or short Loom walkthrough + link to prototypes
Deadline: 3-4 days